Add a deprecation warning to > in Class (#15802)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/15802-deprecate_backinstance.rst

- **Added:**

>   A deprecation warning to warn that :n:`>` in :cmd:`Class` will also
>   declare a :ref:`coercion <coercions>` as it does when used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A deprecation warning that :n:`>` in :cmd:`Class` will in the future also
  declare a :ref:`coercion <coercions>` as it does when used in
```

>   :cmd:`Record` commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Record` commands
```
there is already a full stop at the end (after the reviewers).

>   A deprecation warning that :n:`>` in :cmd:`Class` will in the future also
>   declare a :ref:`coercion <coercions>` as it does when used in
>   :cmd:`Record` commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A deprecation warning that the ``Class >`` syntax or :n:`:>` in the field of
  a :cmd:`Class`, will in the future also   declare a :ref:`coercion <coercions>`
  as it does when used in   :cmd:`Record` commands
```

Or something similar. I would have thought that `:>` is more important to mention than `>` here.
